src/assets/articles/front-end-en/contribution-overview.md, before:

## Why Contribute

As Taipei City Dashboard transitions from an internal tool to a public platform, we hope that it can better fit the needs of all stakeholders of Taipei City. This is why we have decided to release this project while it’s still in development.

By contributing to this project, you’ll have a say in how Taipei City Dashboard 2.0 looks when it is released in early 2024. This is also a great opportunity to directly interact with Taipei City Government and TUIC. Your contributions will also be attributed to all relevant components for everyone to see.

## Become a Contributor

This project welcomes any contributions. We manage all of our contributions on [GitHub](https://github.com/tpe-doit/Taipei-City-Dashboard-FE) through issues and pull requests.

Contributions are classified into the following three types: bug reports, feature requests, and new components. These contribution types will be explained in greater detail in this [later article](/front-end/open-an-issue).

You may suggest changes by opening an issue on GitHub. If we approve the change, you may either choose to let us proceed with the development, or choose to implement the change yourself and then open a pull request when you are finished.

> **t01**
> If you simply have a question about the project, please contact us via [email](/front-end/introduction#contact-us). Please do not post questions via GitHub issues.

## Basic Guidelines

To contribute to this project, certain basic guidelines must be followed. Failure to comply will result in penalties. Minor offenses may result in your contribution not being accepted. Major offenses may even result in you being banned from accessing this project.

### Code of Conduct

When contributing to this project, all interactions must follow the guidelines laid out in the [code of conduct](https://github.com/tpe-doit/Taipei-City-Dashboard-FE/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### Contribution Process

The complete process of contributing to this project is as follows:

Open an issue **_east_** issue approved **_east_** fork the repository **_east_** work on the approved change **_east_** complete local testing **_east_** open a pull request **_east_** code review and modifications **_east_** pull request approved **_east_** change merged.

Failure to follow the above process may result in the implementation of your contribution being delayed. In more severe cases, your contribution may be rejected completely.

### Code Style

There are several guidelines regarding code style that must be followed. This is explained in greater detail [here](/front-end/code-style).

### Design

There are several guidelines regarding interface design that must be followed. This is explained in greater detail [here](/front-end/design-guide).

Commit message:

Add Invite to Participate in Codefest

src/assets/articles/front-end-en/contribution-overview.md, after:

## Why Contribute

As Taipei City Dashboard transitions from an internal tool to a public platform, we hope that it can better fit the needs of all stakeholders of Taipei City. This is why we have decided to release this project while it’s still in development.

By contributing to this project, you’ll have a say in how Taipei City Dashboard 2.0 looks when it is released in early 2024. This is also a great opportunity to directly interact with Taipei City Government and TUIC. Your contributions will also be attributed to all relevant components for everyone to see.

> **i01**
> We cordially invite you to participate in [Taipei Codefest 2023](https://codefest.taipei) from Nov. 18 - 19. The main objective of this competition is to develop new components and features for Taipei City Dashboard. With a top prize of NT$300,000, this is an opportunity you wouldn't want to miss. Register now!

## Become a Contributor

This project welcomes any contributions. We manage all of our contributions on [GitHub](https://github.com/tpe-doit/Taipei-City-Dashboard-FE) through issues and pull requests.

Contributions are classified into the following three types: bug reports, feature requests, and new components. These contribution types will be explained in greater detail in this [later article](/front-end/open-an-issue).

You may suggest changes by opening an issue on GitHub. If we approve the change, you may either choose to let us proceed with the development, or choose to implement the change yourself and then open a pull request when you are finished.

> **t01**
> If you simply have a question about the project, please contact us via [email](/front-end/introduction#contact-us). Please do not post questions via GitHub issues.

## Basic Guidelines

To contribute to this project, certain basic guidelines must be followed. Failure to comply will result in penalties. Minor offenses may result in your contribution not being accepted. Major offenses may even result in you being banned from accessing this project.

### Code of Conduct

When contributing to this project, all interactions must follow the guidelines laid out in the [code of conduct](https://github.com/tpe-doit/Taipei-City-Dashboard-FE/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### Contribution Process

The complete process of contributing to this project is as follows:

Open an issue **_east_** issue approved **_east_** fork the repository **_east_** work on the approved change **_east_** complete local testing **_east_** open a pull request **_east_** code review and modifications **_east_** pull request approved **_east_** change merged.

Failure to follow the above process may result in the implementation of your contribution being delayed. In more severe cases, your contribution may be rejected completely.

### Code Style

There are several guidelines regarding code style that must be followed. This is explained in greater detail [here](/front-end/code-style).

### Design

There are several guidelines regarding interface design that must be followed. This is explained in greater detail [here](/front-end/design-guide).
